README.md, before:

![Next.js Starter Template Banner](/public/mrchriscarpenter-next-starter.png)

# Minimal Next.js Starter Template

This is a minimal [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) starter template preconfigured with [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org), [ESLint](https://eslint.org), [Prettier](https://prettier.io), and [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/).

## Features

- [Next.js 14](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started) with [React 18.3](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs)
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/getting-started)
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/docs/en/index.html)
- [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/)

## Getting Started

### GitHub Template

[Create a repo from this template on GitHub](https://github.com/mrchriscarpenter/next-starter/generate).

### Install NPM Packages

```bash
npm i
```

### Start Next.js in Development Mode

```bash
npm run dev
```

The application will start at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) by default.

### Start Next.js in Production Mode

```bash
npm run build
npm run start
```

The application will start at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) by default.

## Learn More

This project is intended to provide guidance on how to setup Next.js with useful development tools such as TypeScript, ESLint, Prettier, and Husky.

The template is based on the Next.js [create-next-app](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started#automatic-setup) with additional npm packages and configurations.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/basic-features/font-optimization) to automatically optimize and load Inter, a custom Google Font.

If you would like to create your own Next.js app from scratch, run:

```bash
npx create-next-app@latest
```

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs)
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn)

Commit message:

feat(next): upgrade next from 14.2.3 to 14.2.15 (#156)
This pull request:

* Upgraded Next.js from 14.2.3 to 14.2.15
* Removed eslint-config-airbnb
* Changed default font family from Inter to Geist

Resolves #155

Dependencies:

* next (14.2.3 -> 14.2.15)

Dev Dependencies:

* @types/node (20.14.2 -> 22.7.5)
* @types/react (18.3.3 -> 18.3.11)
* @types/react-dom (18.3.0 -> 18.3.1)
* @typescript-eslint/eslint-plugin (7.13.0 -> 8.8.1)
* @typescript-eslint/parser (7.13.0 -> 8.8.1)
* eslint (8.57.0 -> 8.57.1)
* eslint-config-airbnb (removed)
* eslint-config-next (14.2.3 -> 14.2.15)
* eslint-import-resolver-typescript (3.6.1 -> 3.6.3)
* eslint-plugin-import (2.29.1 -> 2.31.0)
* eslint-plugin-jsx-a11y (6.8.0 -> 6.10.0)
* eslint-plugin-react (7.34.2 -> 7.37.1)
* husky (9.0.11 -> 9.1.6)
* lint-staged (15.2.6 -> 15.2.10)
* prettier (3.3.2 -> 3.3.3)
* typescript (5.4.5 -> 5.5.4)

README.md, after:

![Next.js Starter Template Banner](/public/mrchriscarpenter-next-starter.png)

# Minimal Next.js Starter Template

This is a minimal [Next.js](https://nextjs.org) starter template preconfigured with [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org), [ESLint](https://eslint.org), [Prettier](https://prettier.io), and [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/).

## Features

- [Next.js 14](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started) with [React 18.3](https://reactjs.org/docs/getting-started.html)
- [TypeScript](https://www.typescriptlang.org/docs)
- [ESLint](https://eslint.org/docs/latest/user-guide/getting-started)
- [Prettier](https://prettier.io/docs/en/index.html)
- [Husky](https://typicode.github.io/husky/#/)

## Getting Started

### GitHub Template

[Create a repo from this template on GitHub](https://github.com/mrchriscarpenter/next-starter/generate).

### Install NPM Packages

```bash
npm i
```

### Start Next.js in Development Mode

```bash
npm run dev
```

The application will start at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) by default.

### Start Next.js in Production Mode

```bash
npm run build
npm run start
```

The application will start at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000) by default.

## Learn More

This project is intended to provide guidance on how to setup Next.js with useful development tools such as TypeScript, ESLint, Prettier, and Husky.

The template is based on the Next.js [create-next-app](https://nextjs.org/docs/getting-started#automatic-setup) with additional npm packages and configurations.

This project uses [`next/font`](https://nextjs.org/docs/app/building-your-application/optimizing/fonts) to automatically optimize and load [Geist](https://vercel.com/font), a new font family for Vercel.

If you would like to create your own Next.js app from scratch, run:

```bash
npx create-next-app@latest
```

To learn more about Next.js, take a look at the following resources:

- [Next.js Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs)
- [Learn Next.js](https://nextjs.org/learn)
